we're back
on star talk about diseases
yes and parasite yes stuff
I a you know this segment we
occasionally
like to feature will
contribution from a good friend
of mine Bill Nye the Science Guy
in recently moved to New York
City and so we
anytime we get him to contribute
to start or we have to like
chasing to catch up with them
wherever we happen to find them
well we've been talking about
parasites and he has something
to say
about how science
can help keep us alive from
things that
would have surely killed us in a
time gone by cap
ratings are
way I have a hot talk a mustard
and relish thanks
if you're a big living thing
like you human
you might think your enemies are
Ryan's tigers and bears
oh why but oh no nope it's tiny
things
like germs and Paris they wiped
out all societies and
civilizations with things like
the blue bonnet play in bowl I'm
the flow
and who knows what else is out
there in the bush or else we're
just waiting the common get a
you need a microscope in special
skills even seen the first place
that's why so many people around
the world have trouble accepting
how dangerous they can be
many germs and parasites in our
bodies through the water we
drink
so by understanding the science
of disease we've designed
doctors that are so fine the
block out the germs and
parasites and don't let them in
our bodies in the first place
we've been able to preserve the
lives of millions of people
around the world raising their
quality of life and making them
more productive so that people
everywhere
enjoy longer healthier lives
it's wonderful
moment
to all wonderful hahahaha
slot
goodnight died 12 hours later
highly doubt underdog don't be
talked about was the one that
hot dog